(UI) Display Menu
(UI) Prompt user for choice of display order, add order, edit order, remove order, or quit

option 1: if user chooses to display order
	a. prompt for date
	b. if orders exist for date:
		1. display order details
			(order number, order date, customer name, state, product type, material cost, labor cost, tax, total)
		2. prompt user to return to main menu
	c: if orders dn't exist for date:
		1. display error message
		2. return to main menu
	

option 2: if user chooses to add order 
	a. prompt user for information
		1. order date (in future)
		2. customer name (can't be blank, letters/numbers/periods/commas)
		3. state (verify that state exists in tax file)
		4. product type (verify that is a correct product type)
		5. area (must be a positive decimal and minimum 100 sq ft
	b. calculate other fields
		1. material cost per square foot  (pull data from product info)
		2. labor cost per square foot (pull data from product info
		3.  overall material cost (material cost per square foot * area)
		4. overall labor cost (labor cost per square foot * area)
		5. tax rate (pull data from tax file for state)
		6. tax ((overall material cost + overall labor cost) * (tax rate/100))
		7. total (overall materal cost + overall labor cost + overall tax)
	c. display summary
	d. do you want to add this order
		1. if yes:
			a. and is first order of the day, create new file and write it to that
			b: and not first order of the day write to file for that date
		2. if no, do not save and return to main menu
	e. prompt user to return to main menu
		

option 3: if user chooses to edit order
	a. prompt user for order date and order number
	b. check to see if order exists (use dictionary to find date and within the date, that order number)
		1. if order exists:
			a. give summary of order as it is now
			b. prompt user for changeable fields
				1. would you like to change name? Y/N
					a. if yes: 
						1. prompt user for new name
						2. as them if it is correct
						3. save new name/write over old name
					b. if no: leave data as is and continue
				2. would you like to change state? (follow same steps as name)
				3. would you like to change product type? (follow same steps as name)
				4. would you like to change area? (follow same steps as name)
			c. if anything was changed, recalculate other fields
			d. display a new summary
			e. prompt if they would like to save their changes
				1. if yes: overwrite the previous order data and save
				2. if no: stick with original data
			f. display message whether edit was saved or discarded
			g. return to main menu
		2. if order doesn't exists:
			a. display error message that order wasn't found
			b. return to main menu

option 4: if user chooses to remove order
	a. prompt user for order date and order number
	b. check to see if order exists (use dictionary to find fate and within the dat, that order number)
		1. if order exists:
			a. display summary of order
			b. prompt user if they'd like to delete order
				1. if yes: delete order
				2. if no: don't delete 
			c. give message whether order was deleted or not
			d. return to main menu
		2. if order doesn't exist:

option 5: if user chooses to quit
	a. quit